Adapt nucypher-ops tutorial for mainnet (#2916)
nucypher/nucypher: docs/source/pre_application/cloud_node_management.rst

    via `nucypher-ops <https://github.com/nucypher/nucypher-ops>`_.

In this tutorial we're going to setup a Threshold PRE Node using a remote cloud provider (Digital Ocean, AWS, and more in the future).
Whilst this example will demonstrate how to deploy to Digital Ocean, the steps for any other infrastructure provider are virtually identical.
There are a few pre-requisites before we can get started.
First, we need to create accounts at `Digital Ocean <https://cloud.digitalocean.com/>`_ and `Infura <https://infura.io>`_.

> In order to run a node will also need to have an existing Threshold stake.  For more information see

Reviewer: You don't need an existing stake, you can do all the setup via nucypher-ops and only need to stake as the very last step.

    via `nucypher-ops <https://github.com/nucypher/nucypher-ops>`_.

> 

Author: ✔️

.. code-block:: bash

    nucypher-ops nodes create

> At this point you should see the droplet in your Digital Ocean dashboard.

Reviewer 2: Presumably since digital ocean isn't specified in the command - you'll be prompted? Should that be mentioned?

Author: ✔️

The final output should be similar to:

.. code-block:: bash

    some relevant info:
    config file: "/SOME_PATH/nucypher-ops/configs/mainnet/nucypher/mainnet-nucypher.json"
    inventory file: /SOME_PATH/nucypher-ops/configs/mainnet-nucypher-2022-03-25.ansible_inventory.yml
    If you like, you can run the same playbook directly in ansible with the following:
        ansible-playbook -i "/SOME_PATH/nucypher-ops/configs/mainnet-nucypher-2022-03-25.ansible_inventory.yml" "src/playbooks/setup_remote_workers.yml"
    You may wish to ssh into your running hosts:
        ssh root@123.456.789.xxx
    *** Local backups containing sensitive data may have been created. ***
    Backup data can be found here: /SOME_PATH//nucypher-ops/configs/mainnet/nucypher/remote_worker_backups/

This tells us the location of several config files and helpfully prints the IP address of our newly created node (you can also see this on the Digital Ocean dashboard).
Let's ``ssh`` into it and look at the logs:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ ssh root@123.456.789.xxx
    root@nucypher-mainnet-1:~#
    root@nucypher-mainnet-1:~# sudo docker logs --follow ursula
    ...

>     ! Operator 0x06E11400xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx1Fc0 is not funded with ETH

Reviewer 2: I get why the ordering of operations is done this way, but recognize that someone doing this who takes a long time to bond the operator or fund with ETH, will cause a ton of requests to infura for checking balance and bonding status. This is another argument for throttling Ursula's WorkTracker a bit better - it current runs in a tight loop between 1-2s (cc @vepkenez , @KPrasch )

    ! Operator 0x06E11400xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx1Fc0 is not bonded to a staking provider
    ...

These lines will print repeatedly until the Operator is funded with some mainnet ETH and bonded to a staking provider.
Send mainnet ETH to the operator address that is printed.

Stake an Bond
-------------

If you have not already done so you'll need to establish a stake on the threshold
staking dashboard ``https://dashboard.threshold.network/overview/network``.
After you've established your stake, proceed to the PRE node bonding dashboard to bond your node's

> operator address to your stake. ``https://stake.nucypher.network/manage/operator``.

Author: ✔️

Monitor Remote Node
-------------------

> Send a small amount of ETH to your operator address so it can perform the initial start transaction which signals that your
> node is open for business. Once you've funded and your staking transaction is confirmed, view the logs of the node.
> It will automatically detect that you have staked.  You should see:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Send a small amount of ETH to your Operator address so it can perform the initial confirmation transaction which signals that your
node is open for business. Once you've funded the Operator address and bonded to the stake, view the node's logs.
It will automatically detect both completed actions.  You should see:
```

Author: ✔️

.. code-block:: bash

>     nucypher-ops nodes create --network mainnet --count 1 --cloudprovider digitalocean

Reviewer 3: `nucypher-ops nodes create` is all that is needed.

Reviewer 3: all other args are optional and/or will be prompted

At this point you should see the droplet in your Digital Ocean dashboard.
Now we can deploy the PRE Node:

.. code-block:: bash

>     nucypher-ops ursula deploy --eth-provider $INFURA_MAINNET_URL --nucypher-image nucypher/nucypher:latest --payment-provider $INFURA_POLYGON_URL --network mainnet

Reviewer 3: all of these args are optional.

`nucypher-ops ursula deploy` is all that is needed

Author: ✔️

        ansible-playbook -i "/SOME_PATH/nucypher-ops/configs/mainnet-nucypher-2022-03-25.ansible_inventory.yml" "src/playbooks/setup_remote_workers.yml"
    You may wish to ssh into your running hosts:
        ssh root@123.456.789.xxx
    *** Local backups containing sensitive data may have been created. ***
    Backup data can be found here: /SOME_PATH//nucypher-ops/configs/mainnet/nucypher/remote_worker_backups/

This tells us the location of several config files and helpfully prints the IP address of our newly created node (you can also see this on the Digital Ocean dashboard).
Let's ``ssh`` into it and look at the logs:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ ssh root@123.456.789.xxx
    root@nucypher-mainnet-1:~#
    root@nucypher-mainnet-1:~# sudo docker logs --follow ursula
    ...
    ! Operator 0x06E11400xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx1Fc0 is not funded with ETH
    ! Operator 0x06E11400xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx1Fc0 is not bonded to a staking provider
    ...

These lines will print repeatedly until the Operator is funded with some mainnet ETH and bonded to a staking provider.
Send mainnet ETH to the operator address that is printed

> Once you've funded and staking transaction is confirmed, view the logs of the node. You should see:

Reviewer: Should we link to a description of how to stake?

    Working ~ Keep Ursula Online!

> You can view the status of your node by visiting ``https://YOUR_NODE_IP:9151/status``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can view the status of your node by visiting ``https://<YOUR_NODE_IP>:9151/status``
```
